docs(CodeSnippet): overhaul storybook (#6606)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/CodeSnippet/CodeSnippet.mdx

import { Story, Props, Source, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'
import { withKnobs, boolean, select, text } from '@storybook/addon-knobs'
import * as stories from './CodeSnippet-story.js'
import CodeSnippet from '../CodeSnippet'

> <!-- How do I get <Props> to work?
>  -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# CodeSnippet

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Skeleton state](#skeleton-state)
- [Component API](#component-api)
- [Feedback](#feedback)

## Overview
Code snippets are strings or small blocks of reusable code that can be copied and inserted in a code file.

<Preview>
	<Story id="codesnippet--code-snippet" />
</Preview>

> 

Reviewer: It'd be helpful to talk about the different variations as top-level headings, maybe the following each with their own default example:

- Inline
- Multi-line
- Single-line

At a top-level, it might be helpful to address a couple of common situations:

- Copying a code snippet
  - How to enable/disable
  - How to configure the feedback provided
- Rendering a "light" variant, and when/why to use that

Author: I added individual sections for the different use cases (inline, multi, light etc) -- seemed a little redundant to describe turning the copy button off and on and stuff with the API and expected boolean listed in the props table though, but I can go back and add that if we think it's something we need.

## Skeleton state

You can use the `CodeSnippetSkeleton` component to render a skeleton variant of an
code snippet. This is useful to display while content in your code snippet is being
fetched from an external resource like an API.

<Preview>
	<Story id="codesnippet--skeleton" />
</Preview>

## Component API

<Props sort="asc" />

## Feedback

Help us improve these docs by

> [editing this file on GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/edit/master/packages/react/src/components/Accordion/Accordion.stories.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[editing this file on GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/edit/master/packages/react/src/components/CodeSnippet/CodeSnippet.mdx)
```

import { Story, Props, Source, Preview } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks'
import { withKnobs, boolean, select, text } from '@storybook/addon-knobs'
import * as stories from './CodeSnippet-story.js'
import CodeSnippet from '../CodeSnippet'

<!-- How do I get <Props> to work?
 -->

> # CodeSnippet

Reviewer: Should include a table of contents at the top (can refer to accordion for structure)

## Overview
Code snippets are strings or small blocks of reusable code that can be copied and inserted in a code file.

<Preview>

> 	<CodeSnippet>

Reviewer: For snippets I think we've been trying to define them over in the story file (`CodeSnippet-story.js` )and then refer to them with the `<Story id="..." />` convention 👀

		import * as stories from './CodeSnippet-story.js'
	</CodeSnippet>
</Preview>

There are three different types of code snippets to help cater to varied line length use cases—inline, single line, and multi-line.

## Inline
A block of text used inline with setences or paragraphs

<Preview>
	<CodeSnippet type="inline">'@storybook/ad1don-docs/blocks'</CodeSnippet>
</Preview>

## Single line
A single line of code.

<Preview>
	<CodeSnippet>
		import * as stories from './CodeSnippet-story.js'
	</CodeSnippet>
</Preview>

## Multi line
Multiple lines of code with the ability to show more or less strings.

<Preview>
	<CodeSnippet type="multi">
		import * as stories from './CodeSnippet-story.js'
		import CodeSnippet from '../CodeSnippet'
	</CodeSnippet>	

> </Preview>

Reviewer: Should we call out the skeleton usage docs?

## Component API

<Props sort="asc" />

> 

Reviewer: Should we have a note around syntax highlighting at all? I common-ish question seems to be how to integrate syntax highlighting with our code snippet

Author: Ooh, good point. Should I bring in a library like prism.js to demonstrate?

Reviewer: @dakahn Yeah, Prism would be good. Do you think it should be in a story, as a code snippet, or as an example, preferably?

being fetched from an external resource like an API.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--skeleton" />
</Preview>

## Inline

Inline code snippet's are used for distinguishing a symbol, variable, function
name or similar small piece of code from it's surrounding text.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--inline" />
</Preview>

## Multi-line

Multiple line code snippets are used for displaying code with more than one
line. They're shown in a block and useful for showing classes, functions, blocks
of styles and the like.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--multiline" />
</Preview>

## Single-line

Single line code snippets are used when showing code that fits on one line
without wrapping. Useful for calling out terminal commands, function
invocations, expressions etc.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--singleline" />
</Preview>

## Light variant

Use the light prop modifier when using a code snippet on a background other than
the UI background for that theme. The light prop changes the background color
token of the code snippet from `field-01` to `field-02`.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--light" />
</Preview>

## Component API

<Props sort="asc" />

> ## Feedback

Reviewer 2: I think it would be helpful to have a blurb about how we recommend using a library like `clipboard.js` to enable copy functionality since it does not have that ability OOTB

Help us improve these docs by

> [editing this file on GitHub](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon/edit/master/packages/react/src/components/Accordion/Accordion.stories.mdx)

Reviewer 2: Needs to be changed to `CodeSnippet`

don't provide the copy functionality and recommend
[clipboard.js](https://clipboardjs.com/).

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--inline" />
</Preview>

## Skeleton state

You can use the `CodeSnippetSkeleton` component to render a skeleton variant of
an code snippet. This is useful to display while content in your code snippet is
being fetched from an external resource like an API.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--skeleton" />
</Preview>

## Inline

Inline code snippet's are used for distinguishing a symbol, variable, function
name or similar small piece of code from it's surrounding text.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--inline" />
</Preview>

## Multi-line

Multiple line code snippets are used for displaying code with more than one
line. They're shown in a block and useful for showing classes, functions, blocks
of styles and the like.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--multiline" />
</Preview>

## Single-line

Single line code snippets are used when showing code that fits on one line
without wrapping. Useful for calling out terminal commands, function
invocations, expressions etc.

<Preview>
  <Story id="codesnippet--singleline" />
</Preview>

> ## Light variant

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need this example

Author: I'm cool to take it out :surfer:
